I created a simple flask application which takes a user's github username or email address and diplays information on the that user from Github. It worked on the my side but not the lab machine because not all packages were installed and the application displayed information on the language used, name of repo, fork count and description. This was all information i pulled from the Github API. I deployed my application on Heroku because it had the PostgreSQL extension which could be added to my app. This was my own original idea as i thought about how we work alot with Github and how i could use the free information they provide. I had one route to display all the pages. No additional routes. I had four templates to display the information as well as a user interface to enter the username. I used psycopg2 to access information from the database and stored it in the PostgreSQL database from that. I had one table to display all the user information under the submit.html template. No additional tables. I used forms in conjuction with the get and post methods to get information from the Github API and post it on the database to be displayed later. This made my app interactive in that regard. I styled the app using bootstrap as well as the css file but i mainly relied on bootstrap. I used requests to communicate with the external API which was the Github API to get all the relevant information i needed for this project. I did not develop a custom API to work with this. For the new technology, i did two things, i deployed it on Heroku as mentioned earlier as well as using SQLAlchemy to help in building my queries to get the neccessary information from the database i had made. 